careers.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Careers - Jarvis AI
description: Join our team of AI innovators and help shape the future of artificial intelligence.
---

# Careers at Jarvis AI

Join us in building the future of AI. At Jarvis AI, we're looking for passionate individuals who want to make a difference in the world of artificial intelligence.

## Why Work With Us?

- **Innovation**: Work on cutting-edge AI technologies
- **Growth**: Continuous learning and development opportunities
- **Impact**: Make a real difference in how businesses operate
- **Culture**: Collaborative and inclusive work environment
- **Benefits**: Competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits

## Current Openings

### Engineering
- Senior Machine Learning Engineer
- Full Stack Developer
- Data Scientist
- DevOps Engineer
- QA Automation Engineer

### Product
- Product Manager
- UX/UI Designer
- Technical Writer
- Product Marketing Manager

### Business
- Sales Executive
- Customer Success Manager
- Business Analyst
- Marketing Specialist

## Our Values

1. **Innovation**: We constantly push the boundaries of what's possible
2. **Excellence**: We strive for the highest quality in everything we do
3. **Collaboration**: We believe in the power of teamwork
4. **Integrity**: We operate with honesty and transparency
5. **Growth**: We're committed to personal and professional development

## Benefits & Perks

- Competitive salary and equity
- Comprehensive health coverage
- Flexible work arrangements
- Professional development budget
- Generous vacation policy
- Team building events
- Wellness programs
- Stocked kitchen and snacks

## Life at Jarvis AI

*"Working at Jarvis AI has been an incredible journey. The team's passion for innovation and commitment to excellence is truly inspiring."*  
— Alex Martinez, Senior Machine Learning Engineer

---

## How to Apply

Ready to join our team? Send your resume and cover letter to careers@jarvis-ai.com or apply through our [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/jarvis-ai) page.

---

*We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.*

Commit message:

Replace Jarvis AI with Alpha AI throughout the project

careers.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Careers - Alpha AI
description: Join our team of AI innovators and help shape the future of artificial intelligence.
---

# Careers at Alpha AI

Join us in building the future of AI. At Alpha AI, we're looking for passionate individuals who want to make a difference in the world of artificial intelligence.

## Why Work With Us?

- **Innovation**: Work on cutting-edge AI technologies
- **Growth**: Continuous learning and development opportunities
- **Impact**: Make a real difference in how businesses operate
- **Culture**: Collaborative and inclusive work environment
- **Benefits**: Competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits

## Current Openings

### Engineering
- Senior Machine Learning Engineer
- Full Stack Developer
- Data Scientist
- DevOps Engineer
- QA Automation Engineer

### Product
- Product Manager
- UX/UI Designer
- Technical Writer
- Product Marketing Manager

### Business
- Sales Executive
- Customer Success Manager
- Business Analyst
- Marketing Specialist

## Our Values

1. **Innovation**: We constantly push the boundaries of what's possible
2. **Excellence**: We strive for the highest quality in everything we do
3. **Collaboration**: We believe in the power of teamwork
4. **Integrity**: We operate with honesty and transparency
5. **Growth**: We're committed to personal and professional development

## Benefits & Perks

- Competitive salary and equity
- Comprehensive health coverage
- Flexible work arrangements
- Professional development budget
- Generous vacation policy
- Team building events
- Wellness programs
- Stocked kitchen and snacks

## Life at Alpha AI

*"Working at Alpha AI has been an incredible journey. The team's passion for innovation and commitment to excellence is truly inspiring."*  
— Alex Martinez, Senior Machine Learning Engineer

---

## How to Apply

Ready to join our team? Send your resume and cover letter to careers@jarvis-ai.com or apply through our [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/jarvis-ai) page.

---

*We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.*
