index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Jarvis AI - Your Comprehensive AI Assistant
description: Jarvis AI provides a complete AI assistant solution for personal and professional life, offering privacy-focused data management, personalized advice, and smart home integration.
---

# Welcome to Jarvis AI

![Jarvis AI Logo](/assets/images/jarvis-logo.svg)

## Your Complete AI Life Assistant

Jarvis AI is more than just an assistant - it's your comprehensive life companion that understands, organizes, and enhances every aspect of your daily life while maintaining the highest standards of privacy and security.

## Core Features

### Privacy & Security
- End-to-end encrypted data storage
- Local data processing options
- GDPR and HIPAA compliant
- Personal NAS integration
- Complete data ownership

### Personal Life Management
- Smart calendar and scheduling
- Daily activity tracking and analysis
- Multimedia preferences and recommendations
- Health and wellness monitoring
- Personal relationship insights

### Smart Home Integration
- Home device monitoring and control
- Security system integration
- Child and pet monitoring
- Energy usage optimization
- Automated home routines

### Professional Assistance
- Financial planning and advice
- Tax optimization and reporting
- Career development guidance
- Research and learning support
- Business analytics

## Platform Integration

Jarvis AI seamlessly integrates with your devices and platforms:

- **Mobile**: iOS and Android apps
- **Desktop**: Browser extensions and desktop apps
- **Smart Home**: Home automation systems
- **Wearables**: Smart watches and fitness trackers
- **Automotive**: Car infotainment systems

## Why Choose Jarvis AI?

- **Privacy First**: Your data belongs to you
- **Comprehensive**: One assistant for all aspects of life
- **Adaptive**: Learns and grows with you
- **Secure**: Enterprise-grade security
- **Customizable**: Tailored to your needs

## Get Started Today

Ready to transform your life with AI? [Contact us](/contact) to learn more or start your free trial.

---

*"Jarvis AI has become an indispensable part of my daily life, helping me manage everything from my schedule to my health, all while keeping my data private and secure."*  
— Dr. Sarah Chen, Technology Executive

---

## Latest Updates

- **March 2024**: Launched new health monitoring features
- **February 2024**: Enhanced privacy controls
- **January 2024**: Expanded smart home integration

---

[Learn about our features](/features) | [View privacy policy](/privacy)

Commit message:

Replace Jarvis AI with Alpha AI throughout the project

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Alpha AI - Your Comprehensive AI Assistant
description: Alpha AI provides a complete AI assistant solution for personal and professional life, offering privacy-focused data management, personalized advice, and smart home integration.
---

# Welcome to Alpha AI

![Alpha AI Logo](/assets/images/jarvis-logo.svg)

## Your Complete AI Life Assistant

Alpha AI is more than just an assistant - it's your comprehensive life companion that understands, organizes, and enhances every aspect of your daily life while maintaining the highest standards of privacy and security.

## Core Features

### Privacy & Security
- End-to-end encrypted data storage
- Local data processing options
- GDPR and HIPAA compliant
- Personal NAS integration
- Complete data ownership

### Personal Life Management
- Smart calendar and scheduling
- Daily activity tracking and analysis
- Multimedia preferences and recommendations
- Health and wellness monitoring
- Personal relationship insights

### Smart Home Integration
- Home device monitoring and control
- Security system integration
- Child and pet monitoring
- Energy usage optimization
- Automated home routines

### Professional Assistance
- Financial planning and advice
- Tax optimization and reporting
- Career development guidance
- Research and learning support
- Business analytics

## Platform Integration

Alpha AI seamlessly integrates with your devices and platforms:

- **Mobile**: iOS and Android apps
- **Desktop**: Browser extensions and desktop apps
- **Smart Home**: Home automation systems
- **Wearables**: Smart watches and fitness trackers
- **Automotive**: Car infotainment systems

## Why Choose Alpha AI?

- **Privacy First**: Your data belongs to you
- **Comprehensive**: One assistant for all aspects of life
- **Adaptive**: Learns and grows with you
- **Secure**: Enterprise-grade security
- **Customizable**: Tailored to your needs

## Get Started Today

Ready to transform your life with AI? [Contact us](/contact) to learn more or start your free trial.

---

*"Alpha AI has become an indispensable part of my daily life, helping me manage everything from my schedule to my health, all while keeping my data private and secure."*  
— Dr. Sarah Chen, Technology Executive

---

## Latest Updates

- **March 2024**: Launched new health monitoring features
- **February 2024**: Enhanced privacy controls
- **January 2024**: Expanded smart home integration

---

[Learn about our features](/features) | [View privacy policy](/privacy)
